Primary vulnerabilities
- Technology
    - TCP/IP protocols
    - OS
    - Networking equipment security problems
    - Any softwares installed
- Configuration
    - Unsecure user access
    - root account with simple password
    - Default settings
    - Accessing untrusted sites
- Security policy
    - Lack of written security policy
    - Politics: Political battles to implement security policy
    - Lack of continuity
    - logical access control
    - Disaster recovery: Lack of disaster allows panic when someone attacks.

Threats
- Structured
    - Implemented by a technically skilled person. A predefined steps are followed.
- Unstructured
    - Non technical
- Internal thread
    - Occurs when someone is inside the network creare a security threat to the network
- External threats
    - Occurs when someone outside the network creates a security threat to a network.

Hacker: Person intensly interested in acquiring secrets and wreking the working of any computer operating system hackers are most often programming
Phreaker: Manipulates the network to cause it to perform functions that it is normally not allowed. A common goal is breaking into the phone network.
Spammer: An individual who sends large number of unsolicited e-mail messages. Spammers oftenuse viruses take control of home computers to send their bulk messages.
Phisher: Uses email or other means in an attempt to trick users into providing sensitive information.
White hat hacking: Hackers who use their abilities to help organizations.

Malware: Malicious software that get installed in your device and performed unwanted tasks. Mainly designed to transmit information about your web browsing habits to third party.
Types:
- Virus
- Trojan horse
- Spyware
- Adware
- worms
- rats
- ransomware
- rootkit
- keylogger
- 
